Our mission is to transform ordinary homes into wellness homes. Spaces that keep you, your family, and the planet safe.
Magppie is not a kitchen company. It is a wellness movement. We sell health, safety, and twenty-five years of peace of mind.
Magppie Group has been in business for over fifty years. For more than twenty of those, we have been creating kitchens and wardrobes.
Our first SilverStone kitchen was installed in late twenty sixteen, giving us more than nine years of real-world performance validation.
Today, Magppie is expanding globally, with a new store recently opened in Florida, in the United States.
At KBIS twenty twenty-six in Orlando, the world's largest kitchen show, Magppie won the Most Unexpected Innovation award.
Magppie wellness kitchens are made entirely from our patented sanitised stone. Zero percent wood, so no trees are cut.
And no harmful toxins like formaldehyde are released into your home. The stone contains real silver and copper nano-particles.
That makes your kitchen naturally anti-bacterial and anti-fungal. It is termite-proof, waterproof, and fire-safe.
Every kitchen comes with a twenty-five year unconditional guarantee, plus twenty-five complimentary annual services.
SilverStone is our patented wellness stone. We take porcelain clay, heat it to thirteen hundred degrees, and infuse it with silver and copper nano-particles.
This makes it anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, non-porous, stain-proof, scratch-resistant, and impact-resistant. It is one hundred percent food-grade. You can eat directly off it.
It is stronger than granite and more elegant than marble. And because it is engineered, not mined, it does not harm the environment.
Remember the key phrase. It looks like a stone, but it does not behave like a regular stone.
Seven safety pillars, always in order. Stain safe, coffee, haldi and oil wipe off easily. Scratch safe, daily chopping leaves no marks.
High load bearing, drawers support up to sixty kilograms each. Fire safe, the stone does not catch fire or spread flames.
Water safe. In a thirty-day water test, wood swelled and weakened while the stone stayed unchanged.
Impact safe, a heavy ceramic jar drop leaves it intact. And up to sixty-two percent more storage than standard kitchens.
The award was presented by our director of U S operations, Kishor Rico, on February seventeenth, twenty twenty-six.
Magppie kitchens are trusted by some of India's most respected families. Mukesh Ambani and Anant Ambani of Reliance. Cricketers M S Dhoni and Harbhajan Singh.
Actors Ranbir Kapoor, Shilpa Shetty, Chiranjeevi, and Akhil Akkineni. And business leaders like Peyush Bansal of Lenskart, and Rizwan Sajan of the Danube group.
Magppie. A wellness movement, fifty years in the making. Welcome home.